[Music]
[Applause]
Hello friends, I am your friend Yogendra
Verma, ICC Lombard Sales Manager.
A wonderful golden opportunity has come to you in
which I will give you complete information about
how to become an agent with ICC Lombard. How to do health
insurance business, motor insurance business
and non-motor insurance by becoming an agent.
Who is eligible for it,
who can apply for it
and what is the process
after joining it, what is the source of income,
how much will be the income, all the detailed information
I am going to give you in this video. I
request all of you to please watch this video till more time
and do not miss it. Please do
tell me by commenting how you liked this video or
not and subscribe to my channel and
comment. Lion
Only Knowledge video is the lion's breed and
in each video you will get different
content, so let's quickly see
how to become an agent of ICC Lombard and
what are the benefits of becoming an Indian. First of all, let's
start with the benefits, so all those
people who want to achieve something big in life,
want to achieve something in life
which they have not done before today.  Whether you're
in business or engaged in professional
activities, whether you're a doctor, engineer,
chartered accountant, or involved in any kind
of business, or whatever your profession,
you still feel like you can earn
income along with your active work. You can find a side-by-side
income stream that can help you
achieve great success in the health insurance business.
Non-motor insurance,
available from brands like ICC Lombard, offers
tremendous
opportunities here. ICC Lombard's
health insurance is unmatched in the market
because it offers a unique feature that no
other company offers.
Cashless delivery means
customers can get cashless treatment at
any hospital in any corner of India.
Cashless delivery is an amazing tool, making
ICC Lombard's health
insurance the most sold, and it's only
sold by note. Claim
settlement is free here. Claims are
passed so easily that people appreciate you.  Yes, I
say thank you that you have given me
this policy due to which I got my
claim easily and friends, let me
tell you that health insurance business is the
most blooming sector
business in India, people's retirement has
come from here, people say openly that
after covered people's awareness has increased a lot, so
everyone also has
retirement of health insurance and if
you join this business then you are
also going to get those customers from the front and if I
talk about payouts, then you get from 15% to 40%
here, friends, this
business, as I told you, is of active
income, brother,
for how to earn a bigger portfolio of income, passive income is that, even
when you do not work, you have money.
Yes friends, people join health insurance business
because here they
earn money along with active income,
active income is 15 to 40% and
their income in money is 15% for life, which is a very
big video, there is a very big volume,
if you make a kitty of even 1 crore, then
you give pulses in it  You are going to earn 15 lakh
rupees for life and this is a fully
digital platform, sir. It is
available on an online basis. Genuine training is available in all areas of health, motor and non-
motor. Whether
you know little or not, whether you are entering the
industry for the first time or have worked
in some other company before or have gained
experience, all those
people can join this business,
for which an exam is required. You will have to appear for this 34
exam, for which a fee will be charged. The
fee for the IC34 exam is the list and
documents are given here.
After sending the documents, you have to pay ₹1000 to us,
or
you can make the payment directly online when we send you the link.
It's up to you right now.
Friends, if you want to do it this way, it will take 10 to 12
days or 15 days after doing this. Your exam will be
conducted near your location and
its information will also be given to you. You can take the exam in
any language, be it Hindi, English, Marathi, whatever
language you want, we will send you the material for that language also.
MCC type questions come for
50 marks, out of which 17 marks have to be obtained in each question, there is
no negative marking, there are 50
answers for one question, you have to tick
mark and come, centre visit
is mandatory, you have to go specifically on one day on
which day you will have the exam, you have to
go to the centre and give the exam, only then this process is
followed completely and once you pass the exam, there will be no
fees for life, there will be no
charges of any kind and it will be free for
life, let me tell you one more small
thing here, when
you take the code and join ICC Lombard, there is a
mandatory condition as it is in other companies,
here also when you
take the code for health insurance, it is
mandatory to do minimum tax pulses here, whether
you take modern insurance or
non-motor insurance, but it is
necessary to do health insurance because we are
in the health segment, our support is
very high, so the first
motive of the company is that it is mandatory to login a business of ₹15000 in the first month,
or  It is necessary to have a policy of more than 15000 and
4 policies in a year. If you
follow this process continuously for three
to five years, then your code will never be banned, it will keep
running regularly and you
can earn not only good but also huge money
and along with money, rewards and recognition,
domestic interest trips and many other things, the earning opportunities here will be there the day after tomorrow.
I am telling you again sir, the complete knowledge training will be provided through
us through zoom meeting team meeting
and generally we will help you
in moving forward friends, if
you genuinely want to move forward in the field,
want to make a big name and earn big money
in any working, you
can join us, we provide you general
android and for this great
opportunity please do not ignore,
comment quickly and reply on my
WhatsApp, I will send you all the details
and join quickly, thank you so much match,
hello
[music]